this video was made possible by Wix
start building your website today for
free at wix.com / go / h AI so first
things first this video is not about the
hugely controversial and politically
divisive places that you probably assume
it is based off the title namely this is
this and this so let's say you're you
and you're on a road trip heading from
the bustling city of Shenzhen China to
visit the beautiful land Chan Park in
Hong Kong you wake in your room at the
sunflower hotel and head over to the
North East dumpling house to start your
day with some delicious steamed pork
buns the breakfast of champions
you drop of a letter at the freudian
post agency make a quick stop at the
Bank of China to get a few extra quai
from the taxi and then you're on your
way to Lam Chen Park but wait what
happened to the road why is this Linton
- are you in a dream did Leonardo
DiCaprio hack into your mind let's turn
on the satellite map
wait why are you in the middle Chen Jien
Bay and come to think of it why was that
Bing in the middle of a lake and why was
that dumpling restaurant in the middle
of a busy intersection why was that post
office in the nola forest and what was
your hotel in a river the good news is
you're not going crazy and Leonardo
DiCaprio is far away on a yacht with
models your map is just wrong the bad
news is that you can't fix your map
because every map of China is wrong
the 1992 surveying and mapping law of
the People's Republic of China makes any
surveying or mapping of mainland China
illegal without specific authorization
by the Chinese government and it's
enforced from 2006 to 2011 alone the
Chinese government brought 40 cases
against people who try to making maps
everyone from Coca Cola to three British
geology students trying to conduct
research on fault lines which is
definitely one of the lamest ways to get
arrested imagine being in prison having
Marco the machete murderer ask you what
you're in for
and your answer is cartography not
exactly hardcore but according to the
text of the law the Chinese government
believes that keeping its geographic
data secret is important for development
of the national economy the building up
of national defense and progress of the
society and they've actually gone to
pretty extreme lengths to make sure that
nobody knows where anything in China
actually is there are 14 companies that
have been granted permission to make
maps of China and all 14 are Chinese by
a single foreigner has been allowed to
make a map of the country that means
that companies like Google have to
partner with Chinese government approved
mapping companies like Auto Navi in
order to have maps of China at all
but you might be wondering if all these
companies are allowed to make maps of
China then why are all the maps wrong
well that's because the companies make
accurate maps and then they
intentionally mess them up
you see most companies in the world to
use a GPS coordinate system called wgs84
WGS stands for world geodetic system and
84 is because the system was established
in you guessed it 1584 no it was 1984
but instead of wgs84 China uses a system
called GC j02
the GC j02 system is like the wgs84
system but with one major difference
it takes in all the accurate GPS
coordinates that government-approved Mac
makers have and feeds it through an
algorithm that intentionally messes them
up randomly moving coordinates 50 to 500
meters away from where they actually
offer on the one hand that isn't a huge
difference but you know what they say
close only counts in horseshoes and
hand-grenades that's what the judge said
after my last knife throwing show but
with the Chinese maps close makes a big
difference if you're trying to drive
here over there Cho Cho bridge and your
map takes you here into the Java choke
Bay but let's say that you don't know
your way around China and you want to
fix your map so that it is accurate well
that's a lot easier said than done
because the gcj system doesn't shift
everything in the same direction or the
same distance away if it made everything
20 meters further east you could fix it
by just shifting your whole map 20
meters west easy problem solved but the
algorithm is designed to that each
individual location is shifted a
different random distance in a different
random direction which means that
piecing it all back together is a lot
more complicated the only way to make
things look right is to make the entire
map including the satellite map use the
gcj system which for example is what
Google China does so if you go to Google
CN you'll notice that the Bank of China
is no longer in a lake which is great
for the Bank of China's foot traffic but
doesn't mean the map is fixed you see
the bank isn't on land now because the
satellite map is right its own land
because the satellite map is now also
wrong so instead of cool calm which puts
an accurate satellite image over an
inaccurate map google.ca n puts an
inaccurate satellite image over the
inaccurate map so everything lines up
but it's all still completely wrong the
coordinates it gives you for a location
are just not the real ones of that
location
it's like fixing your wrong answer on
your geography
by crossing out part of your textbook
and writing in that actually the capital
of Florida is Florida City so if on
Google China you go to a border between
mainland China in an area that uses a
correct GPS system the images don't
match up if we go to that same bridge
from earlier on Google see em on the
border between mainland China and Hong
Kong the bridge is split in two that's
because it's trying to match the
accurate satellite images of Hong Kong
with the inaccurate satellite images of
mainland China
so in conclusion there's no way to know
where anything in China actually is if
you want people to know where you are
and how they can hire you the best way
to do so is with a personal website
through Wix so I just redid the H I
website with Wix and despite being only
a few biological steps away from a
monkey I managed to make this which I
think looks pretty good
Rick's makes it super easy to build a
website you can have them make it for
you with their artificial design
intelligence build your own with one of
their 500 designer made templates or if
you want to get really fancy you can
even code in your own modifications
summed up Wix is crazy simple but crazy
customizable so you can build exactly
what you want easily best of all you can
start building your website today for
free at wix.com / go / h a